JsonLogger implementation (#5356) (#5357)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

`logging.file_name`|Log file name.|`skywalking-api.log`|
`logging.output`| Log output. Default is FILE. Use CONSOLE means output to stdout. |`FILE`|
`logging.dir`|Log files directory. Default is blank string, means, use "{theSkywalkingAgentJarDir}/logs  " to output logs. {theSkywalkingAgentJarDir} is the directory where the skywalking agent jar file is located |`""`|

> `logging.resolver`|Logger resovler: `PATTERN` or `JSON`. Default is `PATTERN` with which `PatternLogger` will be used. `JSON`: `JsonLogger` is used after initialization. |`PATTERN`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`logging.resolver`|Logger resolver: `PATTERN` or `JSON`. The default is `PATTERN`, which uses `logging.pattern` to print traditional text logs. `JSON` resolver prints logs in JSON format. |`PATTERN`|
```
